Good morning let me introduce myself 
My name is Kénan Roux from Annecy in Haute-savoie, i'm a twenty seven single man who like playing videogames,
 chilling,bringwatching Netflix series...gardening more recently.
 I dream to travel the world especially go to Japan one day maybe.
I studied technological developpement in a technological university in Annecy where i learnt web and software developpement,
with languages likes java, c, html and the database management.
before to work in a completely different domain, the catering sector. 
So I worked as waiter, barman and manager assistant with a lot of customer contact so ..
Now I want to come back in the software developpement and for that i'm in training for a Third Party Application Maintenance
 project on behalf of CGI, the global information technology consulting company who plan this formation.
 And that's why i need the TOIC, to prove this CGI that i'm able to speak english with his various customer.
 But since i'm not practicing from a very long time, my english level go down a bit so i'm doing my best it isn't that yet .
 
So my job inside the TPMA team was, before pendemic, to, first understand the payroll software that i will work on, and then to 
develope a new feature that will be deployed when the crisis will over . In this project we deal with the customer's payroll 
accountant and IT Manager to manage to solve some of issues they meet during the payroll computing.

 
 
In this course we gonna work on :

booby traps: pièges a couillon
phrasal verbs : get on, sit down, etc... a verbs with a words attach to it


Livre : La Bible officielle du test TOEIC : 45€

------------09/09/2020--------------------------Business English-------------------------------

Vocs : Flipchart = Paperboard

Good Morning my name is Kenan I am actually a trainee developer in the Postal Banque sector at CGI company.
Before this I have been working in the catering sector for several years. I was born in Annecy and 
I spent the most of my life in the other side of the country.
And what about you ... tell us more about you.


Slide 10 :
Good Morning ladies and gentlemen today in this presentation, I gonna introduce you our new product.

So, (firstly/first of all) I gonna hype you by starting with the new product presentation. 
Then i will explain to you the marketing campaign (next/following that) for more realism we gonna speak about the production cost and the financing.
Finally, and for your interest we gonna speak about your incomes, i mean the expected returns. 

I will answer to every questions at the end of this presentation, thanks you for your attention.

Slide 21:
(i'd like to) outline
to describe
i'm going to go through
to look at
ilustrate

Good afternoon Ladies and Gentlemen, let me present you our subsidiary company, TMC Brazil.
As you well know we have offices in Dublin and New York and we want to expand ourselves in this wonderful place which is the Brazil.

If you have question please put in a corner of head and we will make a pleasur answers to them at the end of this presentation.

First, let me explain you why Brazil is a new chapter for our company ||
I will start by explaining you why Brazil is a new chapter for our company
 
I will start by explaining you why brazil is our first expanding choice.
Then, we will illustrate you the expecting incomes according to this expension.
Next, we will introduce you the future Brazil team
Following that we will sum up the planning for the next months to come

Thank you for your attention



Slide 31:
	Slide 2:
		- Let's begin WITH the first slide : Why Brazil ?
		- To give you an example ...
		- I like to bring/highlight your attention in particular to this 3 points
	Slide 3:
		- Moving on to the next slide
		- If you look at the line-graph, you can see that ....
	Slide 4:
		- Turning to the next slide
		- Ok,who's going to make thinks this all happen ?
		- As you can see from the small organization chart
		- Why is this important ?
	Slide 5:
		- Moving on to the final slide...
Closing a presentation : - To conclude
			-  In conclusion






Pinaro speech : 

Good evening everyone, dear coworkers, a brand new year start at Pinaro and I am extremely proud to present you our business plan. 

Before beginning, I'd like to ouline the structure of tonight's presentation.
To begin I'm going to talk about market environment,
Then, I'll illustrate (you) last year's sales figures,
Next, we'll go throught the new product range,
Following that we will highlight to your attention the management restucturing that coming to us,
Finally we will look at our flagship outlet, New York
Please keep any questions you have until the end of the presentation.

Okay let's see that in details ladies and gentlemen ! 
Let's begin with the market environment :
As you know,despite the financial crisis, our  company has maintained her market share that a good news ! 
Customer buying trend has evolved : They buy less often, but spend more per item. To give an example : our more expensive handbags are our best seller.
Maybe have you heard about our 2 competitors, Toscana and Salamanca ? Of course you have! At their stores, people look ready to spend less money if the quality is lower.

Moving on to the next slide, on this bar chart, I'd like to bring your attention in particular to handbags sales results, which is 25% higher of our last year previsions. On the other side, our other results are a little bit lower.

Turning to new product range we will outline satchels for men 






















